#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.0
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via
    #   sphinx-git
    #   sphinx-gitstamp
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.17.2
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.11.0
    # via nbsphinx
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via pybtex
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.31.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-images
rpds-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinx-git
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-git
    #   sphinx-gitstamp
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-images
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
    #   sphinxemoji
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-design==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-git==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-gitstamp==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-prompt==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-images==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sphinxemoji==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via ipython
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
